[Amanda] Previously
on Will Trent...
Joanne Drexel. I'm part
of George's legal team.
Changing lives left
and right. huh?
-What?
-You're just not
what I expected.
[Will]
Those letters from Malcolm?
-You've gotten quite
a few already.
-Okay. thank you.
You know there's no shame
in a next chapter. Amanda.
Guys like that can't be killed.
They just get promoted.
Antonio!
[Angie]
Adelaide was spotted in Brazil.
We don't know if he's with her.
[Will] You are The Commander.
-What's this?
-We'll be in touch.
That was really beautiful.
Oh. thank you. Casey.
Do you want
to have dinner tonight?
[Amanda] I'll bring the wine.
You threw a rock through
your estranged wife's window
last night.
I got a bad feeling
about Dallas.
You need protection.
This is my personal gun.
Hang on to it
till you get your own.
-[Casey] He's in the house!
-Get the gun.
Remember what I taught you.
[Dallas] Come back here.
you bitch! I'm gonna kill you.
[Casey] No!
-[gunshot]
-Casey?
[sirens wailing]
[indistinct radio chatter]
I'll let 'em know.
Mm-hmm.
[♪ dramatic music plays]
[Amanda] Okay. just breathe.
There she is.
Come on. baby. breathe.
[whimpering]
[Amanda whispers]
All right. all right.
[inhales. exhales deeply]
Oh. good. you're here.
These are
the agents I mentioned.
Will Trent and Faith Mitchell.
This is my friend.
Casey Mavery.
I'm sorry. I-I I'm just...
It's okay.
You're okay. sweetie.
-It's all right.
You're okay. All right?
-[Casey sniffles]
Ms. Mavery. do you mind
if I sit with you while
Amanda catches my partner up?
I'm here.
[exhales sharply]
[Amanda sighs]
The. uh. uni outside said
this was a domestic dispute?
Yeah. the body is. uh.
Casey's soon-to-be ex-husband.
Dallas Mavery.
He didn't live here.
He broke in last night.
attacked her. and she shot him.
Seems pretty clear cut.
Um. I don't mean
to sound callous.
but why did you call me
and Faith?
Casey and I
are romantically involved.
Oh.
[sighs]
Feels like there's more
you want to say. Amanda.
It was my gun.
Casey didn't feel safe.
He'd been threatening her.
I loaned her my personal weapon
just in case.
And you know what?
I'm glad I did.
[Casey inhales sharply]
Don't touch me. please!
-Sorry. ma'am.
I just brushed her arm.
-[breathing heavily]
Okay. go outside.
Ms. Mavery. it's okay.
Can't breathe.
Casey. breathe. That's right.
[inhales. exhales deeply]
That's right.
Breathe.
[Casey inhales. exhales]
We have our lives ahead of us.
Why would we throw it away
to be cops?
We're homicide detectives
with fulfilling careers.
It's important work.
If you want to learn more--
-take a water bottle.
-[Angie chuckles]
Ask for Franklin.
Oh. Community Service Day.
I love it.
Man. I love it.
Don't you love it?
I know you're married.
and you're about
to have a baby.
but in this moment.
I'm questioning if you know
what the word love means.
You're homicide detectives.
right?
-I-I need you to help me.
-With what?
You-You've got to keep
an open mind. okay?
I saw something.
but. I didn't...
[stammers] Not...
Not in person. but I just...
I... I-I-I get these--
-Get it out.
-Seriously.
I know where a dead body is.
Okay.
Where did you see the body?
That-That's the open-mind part.
I get these visions.
Visions. Is it peyote?
Is that what you're on?
Wait till you graduate
to do that stuff.
No. no. no. no!
I-I-I need you to listen to me.
I know her. Her name's Nikki.
Nikki Lane. She's my neighbor.
Where did you
find Nikki's body?
I didn't.
That's what I'm trying
to tell you. okay?
I-I-I see images in my mind.
It's not a complete picture.
but there's a...
a green circle and seven flags.
Oh. like the theme park?
That's Six Flags.
Okay. seven flags.
Seven flags. right.
Did you get the green circle?
-I did.
-Okay.
[Angie] Okay. and. uh...
So...
[Michael] What else?
A rubber giant.
And a unicorn.
That-That's everything.
Okay. listen. my partner
and I are gonna be here
for the next 30 minutes.
Why don't you sit down. okay?
In case anything else
comes to you.
Okay.
but you're gonna check it out?
-Absolutely.
-Oh. absolutely.
Thank you. That's a
huge relief. [sniffles]
Unicorn...
[sighs] ...green circle...
Green circle?
Why does that sound fam--
Bingo. I helped a buddy
renovate his dad's house.
We used to drop stuff off here.
Look.
"Millrun Landfill."
The logo of this place
is a green circle.
Is that where the body is?
Maybe.
[Angie] That is a rubber giant.
There's no way Seymour
expects us to believe
that story. Visions?
He seems like such a nice kid.
Maybe he believes it?
It doesn't matter. There's no
such thing as psychics.
I don't know. Who am I to say?
I talked to my ghost mom
in a toilet.
And there's our unicorn.
We must be getting close.
Oh.
-Ugh. Yeah. you smell that?
-Yeah. That's bad.
Ugh. It's coming from that car.
And seven flags on the bumper.
Oh. I can't...
[Angie sighs]
[grunts]
And a dead body in the trunk.
Think Seymour had any psychic
visions about going to prison?
[Will] This is just
Appleyard trying to make
something out of nothing.
[sighs] I know.
Good. You want to stop
wearing a groove in the floor?
Got it.
[Appleyard]
And how did you know
he was in the house?
[Casey] I heard a crash
in the kitchen
and then I went to check.
It was Dallas.
He was just trashing the place.
And then he saw me.
It's okay. Take your time.
I could smell the alcohol
on him. and he was just
so loud and angry.
And then when he started
hitting me. I... I just...
I knew that was it.
What do you mean?
That he was gonna kill me.
I got free somehow.
I locked myself in the bedroom.
And then I called Amanda.
-You didn't call 911?
-[Casey] I couldn't...
I called it in.
Appleyard knows that
and we all know
what he's trying to do here.
You're gonna be fine. Amanda.
I'm not worried about me.
[Appleyard]
Tell me about the phone call.
Amanda told me to get the gun.
And to defend myself.
And then I went out there.
and Dallas came at me again.
And I shot him.
How long were you having
an affair with Amanda Wagner?
What? No. we're-we're not...
Your husband's anger
that night. was that because
Amanda Wagner. your lover.
hauled him into the GBI
to harass him?
He threw a rock through
my window. and she was
just telling him to back off.
Were you here
for that questioning?
-No. I...
-That's right.
You couldn't have been.
since Mr. Mavery
had a restraining order
against you.
Did you know about that?
-No.
-[Casey]
Dallas got that out of spite.
I had to get off of work
and go down to the courthouse
and get that dropped.
Now I'm... I'm here--
Oh. I'm so sorry
for the inconvenience.
It's protocol
when you kill a man.
Getting back to that.
was your girlfriend on the
phone telling you how to do it
or just how to stage
the crime scene afterwards?
I need to stop this.
[Will] Amanda. wait.
-[Casey]
Amanda didn't do anything.
-Caroline.
Dallas broke in.
Are you sure he broke in?
There's no forced entry.
It was an electric lock.
I don't know. Maybe he...
[stammers]
...he had a code or--
Maybe. Sounds like you
and Wagner didn't
get your story straight.
Enough. Bill. Enough.
We're done for now.
Mrs. Mavery.
Thank you for your time.
I'll walk you out. ma'am.
[Casey breathing heavily]
"Just an initial interview"?
You knew
where you were taking that.
She should have
had a lawyer present.
I'll have your badge. Bill.
Deputy Director Wagner. you are
on administrative leave.
That's straight
from the director.
You will leave
this building now.
[sighs]
[Will sighs]
You want Amanda Wagner's job
so badly.
try earning it.
I'm choosing to ignore
your outburst. Agent Trent.
The deputy director of the GBI
must be unimpeachable.
but as of now.
there are holes in this case.
And you'd be able
to see them. if you didn't let
your personal investment
get in the way
of your judgment.
Now. you two are tasked
with uncovering exactly
what happened last night.
A woman shot her abusive
husband in self-defense.
That is what happened.
So. Mr. Mavery's been careful
and precise.
stalking Mrs. Mavery
for a year.
Suddenly switches it up
and attacks her?
Find out why.
Start by looking into him.
[elevator bell dings]
[Will sighs]
-The door.
-I know.
Her gun.
I know.
It's gonna be fine.
Right.
That was pretty gruesome.
Seymour.
The smell is still up
in the nostrils.
You did the right thing
by coming to us. Why?
Because the guilt
was eating you up.
Write down what you did
to that poor lady.
Get it all out.
[scoffs] Come on.
Tell me you're not doing
the pen and pad thing.
[clears throat]
Joanne. hi.
Roger had a hearing.
so I'm here.
Don't say or sign anything.
-Well. I didn't kill her.
I want to help.
-Shut up.
Let him confess. We all want
the same thing here.
Do we? I'm not so sure.
-What are we talking
about here?
-What are we talking about?
Stop lawyering.
[stammers] How'd you know
where the body was
if you didn't put her there?
I told you.
I get visions. okay?
They started
when I was 12 or 13.
Sometimes they're clearer.
sometimes they're more
like puzzle pieces
that don't really make sense
without the box for reference.
Never bodies though.
Seymour has psychic abilities.
It's how he makes his living.
Sure. Scammer.
What was your relationship
with Nikki Lane?
We talked a few times in
the laundry room. She was nice.
And pretty.
You ever hit on her?
I asked her out once.
She said no.
No harm in asking.
Detailed calendar.
T.A. schedule to confirm
Mr. Badgley's whereabouts.
So prepared.
I'm assuming you don't
have any physical evidence
linking my client to this case.
Is Mr. Badgley free to go now?
Just don't leave town. in case
we have further questions.
Great. Come on. Seymour.
Joanne. wait. hold on.
Hey. Hey. can I...
can I get a second without...
I don't believe in secrets.
What is it. Detective?
Okay. I'll start.
You said you would call me.
I was meal prepping.
and the kids--
Meal prepping?
[chuckles] Okay. sure.
Um...
I just...
I thought we had a moment.
Maybe I was wrong.
Take care.
You're gonna see somebody soon.
a woman.
She's another body?
No. no. no. she's alive.
but she's cranky.
Yeah. she's got some sort
of female troubles.
you know. down there.
Yeah.
Get outta here.
Also. watch out
for the elephants.
I certainly will
because you told us to.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Clearly.
Seymour's been here before.
She's Nikki's roommate.
he figured out we'd have
to interview her.
[chuckling]
I didn't say anything.
[sighs]
Oh. watch out
for the elephants.
Oh. it sounds so familiar.
Where have I heard that before?
Shut it.
-Hi.
-Oh. cookies.
Did you bake those yourself.
Ms. Matlin?
Oh. she doesn't bake.
She's right here.
Hal likes to bake.
So. uh. with regards to Nikki.
is there anyone you can
think of who might have wanted
to harm her?
No.
Nikki got along with everybody.
Yeah. she was fun.
So full of life.
How about your neighbors.
specifically Seymour Badgley?
I've never seen him before.
So. the man in the photo. he's
never been in this apartment?
No. Your shirt's riding up.
[Angie] Nature. right?
Do you think we should tell
them about... You know?
Hal. something you want to say?
Nikki was fighting a lot lately
with her boyfriend. Lester.
Do you have Lester's
phone number. address?
Yeah.
-Do you want a cookie?
-Oh. yes. please.
-Yeah.
-Thank you.
[♪ "All There" plays]
Dallas withdrew cash
from the ATM inside two hours
before he died.
Establishes his timeline.
How do we prove
a bad man has bad intentions?
[people chattering]
[♪ "Independent" plays]
♪ I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T
Do you know
What that mean. mane? ♪
♪ I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T
Do you know what that mean? ♪
♪ She got her own house
She got her own car ♪
♪ Two jobs. work hard.
You a bad broad ♪
♪ If you ain't on. sit down
If you ain't on. sit down ♪
♪ I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T
Do you know what that mean? ♪
♪ Baby Phat. just relax
Front your own flat screen ♪
♪ Back rub. cook. clean
And don't make her
Make a scene ♪
♪ Got her stunna shades on.
Lookin' like something ♪
Pardon me. ma'am.
Um. I believe this.
uh. came from...
Ah. yes. your-your left ear.
Important to stay symmetrical.
Um...
Hope you have
a prosperous evening.
[chuckles]
♪ Flip flop slippers just
To show off the pedicure ♪
[♪ "Stir Fry" playing]
I like this.
Are you two really cops.
or is this some kind of kink?
I am an armed agent of the GBI.
Stop touching me.
My bad.
Bouncer said that Dallas Mavery
was your regular.
What kind of mood
was he in last night?
The generous kind.
I made good money too.
He was real happy with me.
Then he started going
in about his ex.
These guys think
we're marriage counselors.
But this was way worse.
What exactly
did he say about her?
Calling her all kinds
of bitches.
"I hate her.
I'm gonna kill her."
Did something set him off?
That's the thing.
Nothing happened.
I tried to calm him down.
get him to eat something.
sober up.
He wouldn't listen to me.
Then he left.
He didn't actually hurt her.
did he?
Dallas Mavery was killed after
leaving the club last night.
Oh. damn.
Pearl. you got
a private dance request.
Make us that money.
Did I just hear you right?
Dallas is dead?
[grunts]
Were you and Dallas friends?
Hell no. It's strictly
transactional in here.
Fool owed me money.
Why did Dallas owe you money?
He tried
to run out on his bill.
He was up
in here last night. acting like
he King of the South.
Ordering a bottle of Dom.
top-shelf shots. chicken wings.
I did hear the wings
are excellent.
My grandmama recipe.
You said Dallas tried
to run out?
His card declined.
But he swore he
was good for it.
Said he got
some big payout coming.
Did he say from where?
His old lady just
inherited two million dollars.
Look. just let me know
if there's some type
of form I need to fill out
so I can get my cash.
Damn.
Two million dollars.
Dallas had motive.
Yeah. but so did Casey.
[Casey] How much trouble
are you in because of me?
No. none-none
of this is your fault.
But I do wish you'd told me
about the inheritance money.
When would I? We just
started seeing each other.
My dad passed away.
He had leukemia. but he
did pretty well for himself.
[exhales deeply]
Everything was caught up
in probate for over a year.
Honestly. it was the last thing
on my mind.
[chuckles] Of course.
I guess the estate lawyer
didn't know that Dallas
and I had separated. [sighs]
She emailed both
of us saying the funds
had been wired to my bank.
When was that email sent?
Day before yesterday.
That must have been
what triggered him.
Next thing I know.
he's in my home demanding
his half of the money.
Then he started...
[breathing heavily]
Hey. Hey. hey. you're here.
You're here. you're okay.
Yeah. even in death.
this man is ruining
the good parts of my life.
Oh. no. he's not touching this.
We're good. Yeah?
[♪ pensive music plays]
Yeah.
[chuckles]
-[chuckles]
-[phone chimes]
Appleyard wants
to meet in an hour.
[breathes deeply] Listen.
Casey. I know his playbook.
If there's anything else
he can use.
I need you to tell me
so I'm not blindsided.
You have everything.
Tell me you asked Joanne out.
right?
Do I pry into your relationship
with Dr. Seth?
Do you ever not?
-Let's just talk
to the boyfriend.
-[chuckles]
Pete. what do you got?
Autopsy results for Nikki Lane.
Cause of death was strychnine.
-She ingested it.
And it gets worse.
-Oof.
Worse than
someone poisoning her?
Ms. Lane
was two months pregnant.
Geez.
[sighs] Thanks. Pete.
-You okay?
-[sighs] Yeah.
No. let's get this asshole.
Lester Clump.
Uh. yes. I am Lester Clump.
This is Barry. my brother.
I... [stammers]
...mean attorney.
You a real lawyer. Barry?
I mean.
online degrees are valid.
Good enough to walk you
through your confession.
Why did you kill
your girlfriend. Nikki?
Barry can't help you.
Was it because she
was pregnant?
Pregnant?
-What my client means--
-Shut up. Barry.
I think you knew
about the baby.
-[scoffs] I didn't know--
-Did Nikki tell you?
No? Somebody else?
Did you find that positive test
in the trash?
That can be a lot.
It can be a shocker.
Is that why you killed
your pregnant girlfriend?
Wait. how pregnant was she?
Two months.
We hadn't had sex
in six months.
I went to Maine
to take care of our nana.
I was there for four months.
When I got back. Nikki didn't
seem interested anymore.
She was spending all her time
with Reba and her fiancé.
Okay. we are still gonna need
a DNA sample
to rule out paternity.
Help yourself out here. man.
If the baby's not yours.
that means we get to look
into a different suspect.
Fine. we're done for now.
[groans. chuckles]
[groans]
Just take this to the lab.
see if it's a match.
-So dumb.
-Yeah.
-I don't think he's our guy.
-No.
Is it okay
to hate a stupid person?
I think so.
Hope you don't mind
if my FOP Rep sits in on
our little impromptu meeting.
Interesting news regarding
Casey Mavery's inheritance.
Did you know about that?
No. I didn't. Bill.
These are text messages
between you and Casey Mavery.
more accurately
from you to Mrs. Mavery.
-Inspector. I hope you obtained
a warrant...
-[sighs]
...for the Deputy Director's
text messages.
"Amanda: Make sure
to keep the gun nearby."
"Amanda:
You're protected as long
as you're inside your home."
"Amanda:
It's called Stand Your Ground."
"Amanda: I can still smell
your perfume on me."
"Amanda:
Remember. aim for center mass."
You're only reading my half
of the conversation. Bill.
Casey was asking me questions.
All right. let me see those.
This does seem
rather one-sided.
[sighs]
Casey uses voice messaging.
I'm at work.
so I generally type.
And I didn't save hers.
[sighs] The warrant was handled
by the GBI director personally.
Edie? Why?
Because we need
to assess whether you.
Deputy Director Wagner.
are an accessory to murder.
No DNA match.
Lester is not the father.
Still could've killed her.
Yeah. possibly.
You know what I've
been thinking about?
You want
an online legal degree?
Yeah. And that Joanne
didn't come here
to help out a colleague.
She came to see you.
Smart. Funny.
What if Nikki
was having "cookies"
with Reba's fiancé?
Just say sex.
Yeah. Uh. what's his name?
Hal. Passive Hal.
Yeah. let's go talk to him.
You noticed she
also smells great?
-Stop.
-[Joanne] Who smells great?
Don't answer that.
We don't have time.
Seymour. tell them
what you told me.
This feels familiar.
Yeah. isn't this how we met?
Oh. so you do remember?
Of course I remember.
You made quite an impression.
But meal prepping
took precedent.
You're out of my league. There.
Really glad
you guys are talking.
Let's hear what Seymour
has to say.
I saw another body.
Yeah. well. you better
have an address this time.
No more scavenger hunts.
Sandwich. Pickle.
Red flashing light.
Delivery truck getting towed.
12th Street.
12th?
Hal lives on 12th.
I get wanting to help Casey.
It's just the optics.
-[chuckles] Bill wants my job.
-[chuckles]
He thinks I just gave him
the key to my office.
Why is there glitter
in your hair?
Oh. it's-it's from Pearl.
the dancer from Magic City
that Will and I interviewed.
You know. Dallas had
to be one miserable person
to be raging mad
amidst all of that...
and all of those...
and the glitter.
-Stripper glitter
never comes off.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm. Just so you know.
[chuckles]
-[chuckles]
Look at us. Aunt Mandy.
We both fell hard
and fast for somebody.
You still haven't read any
of those letters
from Malcolm yet. have you?
[chuckles] You know Caroline
tells me everything. Why not?
I can imagine what's in them.
Apologies. sweet words.
Malcolm was good with words.
Hmm.
If I do read them.
then I would have to admit
that I let myself love somebody
that I shouldn't have.
[chuckles. stammers]
I don't know where you're going
with this. but-but--
-Aunt Mandy--
-No. no. no. It's not the same.
I didn't wanna believe
it either with Malcolm.
Not in the beginning.
It was good. It was exciting.
And you miss things.
And that was you. not me.
Is there even a possibility
that Casey used your position--
-Don't go there. Faith.
-Dallas is dead.
and you are the only one
being punished.
The only one.
[scoffs] So-So is that
what you think of me?
That I'm some gullible
old lady who--
No. no. I do not think that.
I am just saying--
Here's the truth.
Casey begged for help.
but the police told her
that their hands
were tied unless Dallas
actually killed her.
They said that out
of their mouths to a victim
of domestic assault.
[sighs. scoffs]
Aunt Mandy. listen. Mandy.
They gave her
a restraining order.
which did nothing
to prevent him
from sitting in his truck
and watching her.
Casey would be dead right now
if she hadn't killed him first.
[sighs]
I'll see myself out.
[stammers] Don't go. I'm sorry.
-[door closes]
-[sighs]
[sighs]
[♪ dramatic music plays]
Hey. Will. Dallas's truck
was never confiscated.
I'm gonna have it towed to
the impound lot. Meet me there.
Anything new on your uncle?
I saw you check the phone.
[sighs] Nope.
[sighs]
You wanna talk about it?
Not really.
I haven't slept.
Antonio could be dead or worse.
Nobody has any answers.
And I'm digging through
a wife-beater's truck instead
of finding my uncle.
Maybe I did need
to talk about it.
Thank you.
You okay?
Not really.
This job is... [sighs]
Yeah.
-It's all
split-second decisions.
-And paperwork.
One wrong choice
and your career's on the line.
and then everybody's
judging you harshly.
Amanda mad at you?
Furious.
Well. then let's keep looking.
Yeah.
[groans]
Oh. I think I got something.
Come on. come on.
[grunts] Got it.
Oh. hello.
All right.
Let's get it to Rocky.
-Maybe we can see
what Dallas was up to.
-Yeah.
Seymour was right about
Hal living on 12th Street.
Lucky guess.
What about that?
Red flashing light.
delivery truck getting towed.
Lucky guess.
[Angie] Sandwich and a pickle.
Seymour's been here.
That's all.
You hear that?
[person grunting]
[groaning]
Strychnine poisoning.
His health. height and weight
delayed the poison's speed.
It caused his muscles to spasm.
probably explains the bruising.
He stumbled off his balcony.
The awning caught him.
He's lucky you guys found him.
Same poisoning as Nikki.
Yeah. Nikki. who's roommates
with Hal's fiancée.
I bet Reba slipped a secret
ingredient into Hal's cookies.
Are you doing
the cookie/sex metaphor again?
This time I mean
she poisoned him
because Hal got Nikki pregnant.
Got it. Yep.
Did you find anything
on Dallas's phone we could use?
Uh. incoming call at 9:00 p.m.
He would've still been
in the strip club.
Pearl didn't mention him
getting a phone call.
You trace the number?
It was a burner. Sorry.
Well. someone called
and talked to Dallas.
I'm guessing they said
something that triggered him.
So there is something else.
A HomeCam app on the phone
was linked to this address.
-What? Seriously.
-You should've led with that.
Well. I was trying
to build suspense.
Why?
This is Casey's house.
Dallas planted a camera
to spy on her.
-Anything else?
-I swear to God. Rocky.
Okay. Okay.
Uh. there's a video
of the night he died.
[sighs] Give me that.
[♪ gentle music plays]
[♪ dramatic music plays]
[♪ music continues]
I think we're done.
Reba Matlin. APD.
So many elephants.
-Check the bedroom.
-Okay.
[Michael] Clear!
These are fertility meds
she's on.
She's pregnant?
She was. It's dated a year
and a half ago.
So that's what Seymour meant
when he said she
was having female trouble.
-[footsteps]
-[clatters]
[Reba] What the hell?
-Reba!
-[Reba gasps]
Reba. stop! APD!
[Angie] Reba. stop!
[Michael] APD! Stop!
Reba!
[Reba humming
"Rock-a-bye. Baby"]
Reba.
[humming continues]
it's Detective Angie Polaski.
I need you
to step back here by me.
Reba. we found Hal.
He's alive.
Why don't you come down here
and talk to me about it?
What about my baby?
Yeah. Why don't we
find somewhere safe.
and you can show me your baby?
Nikki was drinking.
I smelled it on her.
I told her to stop.
but she just...
But what? Reba. what happened?
I had to make her stop.
I had to.
Nikki didn't deserve
to be a mom.
We do. Right?
You...
You really wanted to be a mom.
I'm a good mom.
Right. baby? Mommy's here.
[gasping. grunting]
Okay. I need...
We need you to sign this.
Oh. is that what we need?
I can sign if that's
what we're talking about.
Yes. I looked it over.
You can sign them
for Detective Ormewood.
I prefer it
when you call me Michael.
Take care. Detective.
[pen scratching]
I know you don't believe me
about my visions.
Even though they
did help solve your case.
What's your point?
I saw something else.
It's good though.
It's about you. You two.
-Who? Me and Joanne?
-Yep.
Yeah. Okay. Hold on a second.
Go ahead.
You... [exhales deeply]
...Joanne.
Looks like a date.
A park with a little bridge.
A bridge? Enota Park?
I guess. Tomorrow at 3:00.
Okay. I'll try to catch her.
Hold on. I can tell you
what foods to pack.
I know how to plan a picnic.
All right. suit yourself.
But bring a blanket.
Of course. What am I. stupid?
I don't know.
Visions don't show IQ.
The weather's gonna be perfect.
Joanne will love it. Trust me.
Okay. Thanks.
[♪ "Living It Up" plays]
It is over. right?
[whispering] Yes.
[Casey sighs]
And what about you?
All clear.
It's over.
I'm gonna take a quick shower.
You wanna join?
Sure. Just got to check in
with Faith first.
-Okay.
[sliding door closes]
[water running]
Hey. you have a charger?
[sighs]
Stripper glitter?
[♪ hip-hop music plays]
I'm gonna ask you
one more time.
Where can I find Pearl?
I wish I can help.
Her locker was cleared when
I got here for my shift today.
[Amanda] Where'd Pearl go?
She kept talking about going
to Vegas to be a showgirl.
I didn't realize she meant.
like. today.
How long she's been
making these plans?
A month.
She got herself a sugar mama.
Gave her 150K
to get out of some mess.
I wish I could find me
a sugar mama. You looking?
[moans]
[Michael]
You're vegan. aren't you?
I am. But this tomato.
I mean. is this heirloom?
It's great. It's like a...
It's like a handheld salad.
How about some wine?
I got a great bottle. It's...
At least I hope it's great.
It was expensive.
Yeah. maybe later.
I get migraines.
I guess I don't know
how to plan a picnic after all.
You wouldn't happen
to have a falafel in
that basket. would you?
Did I screw this up?
Absolutely not.
I'm just glad
you finally called. [stammers]
I was starting to think
maybe that I imagined our...
Connection?
No. that was very real.
Is very real.
Good.
Oof. Are you cold?
It's gotten colder. right?
It's not just me?
No. I'm freezing.
I should have never
listened to... You know what?
It doesn't matter.
-You wanna go somewhere warm?
-Please.
-[groans]
-Okay. All right.
-Take this.
[chuckles] Sorry. it's cold.
-[chuckles]
[♪ "I Don't Want
to Miss a Thing" plays]
Hey. keep going. okay?
Don't wait for me.
Shield yourself. Joanne.
[laughs]
-Can I get two. please?
-Two falafel?
Yeah. Two falafels. thanks.
-Here you go.
-Here.
-Keep it.
-Thank you.
[thunder rumbling]
What are the odds? [panting]
That-That's like...
Oh. boy.
That's my most favorite song.
Like ever.
No way.
Way.
I really like you. Michael.
No more of this. like.
out-of-my-league talk. okay?
No. leagues don't exist.
Banished.
I like you too.
♪ I don't wanna close my eyes
I don't wanna fall asleep ♪
♪ 'Cause I'd miss you. babe ♪
♪ I don't wanna miss a thing ♪
♪ Even when I dream of you ♪
♪ The sweetest dream
Will never do
I'd still miss you. baby ♪
♪ Don't wanna miss a thing ♪
♪ I don't wanna close my eyes
I don't wanna fall asleep ♪
Caroline.
Hey. Can you take this
to the shredder for me?
You sure you want me
to shred all of them?
I am. Thanks.
♪ I'd still miss you. baby
Don't wanna miss a thing ♪
♪ I don't wanna miss...
[sighs]
...a thing ♪
You are the FBI.
And you're telling me between
your agency and Interpol.
you have no sightings
of Adelaide Trevens?
How about the. uh. the-the
kid I met. The Commander?
Any ID on him yet?
[sighs]
Okay. No. no.
No. it has not rung yet.
That's my hope as well.
Thank you. yep.
[sighs]
[whimpers]
[mover] Don't worry. boss.
Stuff's ready to go.
[Casey] That's the last
of the books. Thank--
That was fast.
[sighs] Needed a new start.
Atlanta's got a lot
of memories.
You and Pearl headed to Vegas.
or are you done using her too?
[mover] Yeah. Yeah. I got it.
Uh. you guys wanna take
a quick break?
Sure.
We're almost loaded anyway.
I didn't use you. Amanda.
You knew I was GBI.
You knew I'd understand
your pain.
So you invited me here to see
Dallas's violence firsthand.
But it was Pearl who threw
the rock through the window.
Yeah. tell her to ease up
on the glitter next time.
-Let me explain.
-No. no. I got it. [chuckles]
You paid Pearl to manipulate
Dallas and then lied
to my agents about it.
Oh. he didn't just up and leave
the club that night.
You called him
from a burner phone.
What did you say
to make him so upset?
You think that man
ever needed an excuse?
He was
gonna kill me eventually.
No one was gonna stop that.
not even you.
Oh. you're trying
to justify murder now.
I used what little resources
I had to save my own life.
What we have.
it's a good thing.
Nothing that
has happened undoes that.
It's all undone.
You lied. You didn't even
tell me you were leaving town.
So what if I did?
What were you gonna do?
I wasn't gonna make you
carry this too.
Oh. please. [scoffs]
You're leaving now
because you care about
what happens to me?
I do. I really--
Don't!
Don't. [sniffles]
Unlike you.
I have unlimited resources.
I can come after you.
The case is closed. Amanda.
If you reopen it.
you're gonna have
to admit that it happened
under your watch.
Think about your reputation.
Your career.
So you think my only options
are to throw away
everything I worked for...
or to let you get away
with this?
I wish we had another option.
Do we?
No.
[sniffles]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm